# Data-analyst-projects
Data Analyst Nano-Degree Project: Analyze A/B test result and logistic regression

## Overview 

In this project, I analyzed data generated by an A/B test run by an e-commerce website. The data was collected by the company with the intention to understand which version of the web page design (old/new) is more attractive to new users and had a bigger user conversion rate.
My task within this project is to analyze the data and help the company understand whether they should keep the old design, use the new design.

## Software I used

To complete this project, I used the following software:

- Python (Numpy, Pandas, Matplotlib, StatsModels, Scipy)
- Jupyter Notebook

## Part I - Data wrangling & probability 
Raw data were processed, verify null records, clean messy data strucutre, check for duplicates. Probability calculations were executed to calcuate user conversion rate for new and old page.

## Part II - A/B Test 
Hypothesis testing was conducted. Type I error rate of 5%. P-values were calculated.


## Part III - Logistic Regression

Logistic regression was performed to confirm results of the previous steps. Multi variable logistic regression was completed to verify the improvement of using additional variable and its affect on prediction.


## Conclusions 

1) Analysis result indicated that we cannot reject the old web page design
2) The variable: Country, which is an additional variable used to record the origin of the users, did not improve the accuracy of the prediction and analysis.

Disclaimer: Please ask for permission before copying/using the information/contents published in this project. 
